https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DSC-TCET/Assets/main/image/team/aman syed.jpg 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DSC-TCET/Assets/main/image/team/bhavika gupta.jpg 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DSC-TCET/Assets/main/image/team/deep kothari.jpg 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DSC-TCET/Assets/main/image/team/dhiraj chauhan.jpeg 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DSC-TCET/Assets/main/image/team/eesha pandit.jpg 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DSC-TCET/Assets/main/image/team/harshit daga.jpg 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DSC-TCET/Assets/main/image/team/hitansh doshi.jpg 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DSC-TCET/Assets/main/image/team/hrishikesh yadav.jpeg 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DSC-TCET/Assets/main/image/team/kartik kounder.jpg 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DSC-TCET/Assets/main/image/team/khushi bhoj.jpg 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DSC-TCET/Assets/main/image/team/palak agarwal.jpg 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DSC-TCET/Assets/main/image/team/prathik shetty.jpeg 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DSC-TCET/Assets/main/image/team/ranveer shah.jpeg 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DSC-TCET/Assets/main/image/team/rishab pandey.jpg 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DSC-TCET/Assets/main/image/team/rohan dalvi.JPG 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DSC-TCET/Assets/main/image/team/shailja jaidon.jpg 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DSC-TCET/Assets/main/image/team/shivam dixit.jpg 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DSC-TCET/Assets/main/image/team/shivam dubey.jpg 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DSC-TCET/Assets/main/image/team/shruti jadhav.jpg 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DSC-TCET/Assets/main/image/team/shruti mishra.jpg 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DSC-TCET/Assets/main/image/team/shudhanshu singh.jpg 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DSC-TCET/Assets/main/image/team/tejas borkar.jpg 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DSC-TCET/Assets/main/image/team/wilfred almeida.jpg 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DSC-TCET/Assets/main/image/team/yash sharma.jpg 
